fix: docs for s3 (#41)
kubeshop/testkube-docs: docs/articles/install/s3-storage.md

1. Configure IAM role with the following permissions:

  ```yaml
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": [
          "s3:ListBucket",
          "s3:GetBucketLocation"
      ],
      "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::testkube-test-irsa"
    },
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": [
          "s3:GetObject",
          "s3:PutObject"
      ],
      "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::testkube-test-irsa/*"
    }
  ]
}
  ```  

> Replace `testkube-test-irsa` with the name of your own bucket.

Reviewer: Can we then remove this line and use `<BUCKET>` in the resource above?

> 3. A Trust Relationship needs to be established in the IAM role to allow the EKS cluster to assume it:

Reviewer: > ``
```suggestion
3. A Trust Relationship needs to be established in the IAM role to allow the Testkube API's ServiceAccount to assume it:
```
